c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\TodoApi.exe
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\TodoApi.deps.json
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\TodoApi.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\TodoApi.dll
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\TodoApi.pdb
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\TodoApi.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\TodoApi.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\TodoApi.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\TodoApi.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\TodoApi.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.TodoApi.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.TodoApi.props
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.TodoApi.props
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.TodoApi.props
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\TodoApi.styles.css
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\TodoApi.dll
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\TodoApi.dll
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\TodoApi.pdb
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\TodoApi.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\TodoApi.dll
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Diagnostics.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.InMemory.dll
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\TodoApi.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\rmcma\Documents\Programing\Teaching\lesson 7\TodoApi\obj\Debug\net8.0\TodoApi.csproj.Up2Date
